Tooltip for forms (#1444)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.2/forms/overview.md

</form>
{{< /example >}}

## Form helper

> Provide some help on an input with `.btn-helper`. **Be sure to include text for screen readers**, as we've done with `<span class="visually-hidden">`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Form helper is a button using `.form-helper` that provides extra help information to a form control. Be sure to include text for screen readers with a visually hidden text.
```

On top on this button, apply a [popover]({{< docsref "/components/popovers" >}}) to display the help. A [tooltip]({{< docsref "/components/tooltips" >}}) can also be applied for small and simple text helpers without any link, button, etc...

> {{< example >}}

Reviewer: I don't have any ideas right now but it is very strange to display those 2 exact same buttons like this. On top of that, they have a pre-defined margin-left which make them look weird.
I'm wondering if we couldn't just keep the real-life examples.

<button type="button" class="btn-helper" data-bs-toggle="popover" data-bs-placement="top" data-bs-content="Help with popover that could be very long with various content.">
  <span class="visually-hidden">Helper for input</span>
</button>
<button type="button" class="btn-helper" data-bs-toggle="tooltip" data-bs-placement="top" data-bs-title="Help with tooltip.">
  <span class="visually-hidden">Helper for input</span>
</button>
{{< /example >}}

The helper button should be displayed right after a label.

{{< example >}}
<div class="mb-3">

>   <label for="tooltipTextInput" class="form-label">Tooltip input</label>

Reviewer: This one is called "Tooltip" whereas it is a popover

  <button type="button" class="btn-helper" data-bs-toggle="popover" data-bs-placement="top" data-bs-content="Help for input">
    <span class="visually-hidden">Helper for input</span>
  </button>
  <input type="text" id="tooltipTextInput" class="form-control" placeholder="Tooltip input">
</div>
<div>
  <label for="tooltipSelect" class="form-label is-required">Tooltip select menu</label>
  <button type="button" class="btn-helper" data-bs-toggle="tooltip" data-bs-placement="top" data-bs-title="Help for select menu">
    <span class="visually-hidden">Helper for select menu</span>
  </button>
  <select id="tooltipSelect" class="form-select" required>
    <option value="">Tooltip select</option>
  </select>
</div>
{{< /example >}}

> <!-- To remove just here to show that it could be well and easily integrated everywhere -->

Reviewer: You can remove this part and include it in the description for the future so we don't forget it

</form>
{{< /example >}}

## Form helper

Form helper is a button using `.form-helper` that provides extra help information to a form control. Be sure to include text for screen readers with a visually hidden text.

Depending on the extra help information content, choose wisely between triggering a [popover]({{< docsref "/components/popovers" >}}) or a [tooltip]({{< docsref "/components/tooltips" >}}). Tooltips should be used for small and simple texts without any actionable elements inside, while popovers are used in other cases.

This form helper should be displayed right after the label.

{{< example >}}
<label for="tooltipTextInput" class="form-label">Input with helper inside a Popover</label>
<button type="button" class="form-helper" data-bs-toggle="popover" data-bs-placement="top" data-bs-content="Help for input">
  <span class="visually-hidden">Helper for input</span>
</button>
<input type="text" id="tooltipTextInput" class="form-control" placeholder="Tooltip input">

> <label for="tooltipSelect" class="form-label is-required mt-3">Select menu with helper inside a Tooltip</label>

Reviewer: Seeing this `.mt-3` here, I'm wondering if we shouldn't do the following:
```html
<div class="mb-3">
   <!-- First example -->
</div>
<div>
   <!-- Second example -->
</div>
```

to have consistency with the other forms in the docs. But might be dumb. You'll tell me.

</form>
{{< /example >}}

## Form helper

Form helper is a button using `.form-helper` that provides extra help information to a form control. Be sure to include text for screen readers with a visually hidden text.

> On top of this button, apply a [popover]({{< docsref "/components/popovers" >}}) to display the help. A [tooltip]({{< docsref "/components/tooltips" >}}) can also be applied for small and simple text helpers without any actionable element inside.

Reviewer: Wording suggestion:

```suggestion
Depending on the extra help information content, choose wisely between triggering a [popover]({{< docsref "/components/popovers" >}}) or a [tooltip]({{< docsref "/components/tooltips" >}}). Tooltips should be used for small and simple texts without any actionable elements inside, while popovers are used in other cases.
```

> The helper button should be displayed right after the label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This form helper should be displayed right after the label.
```

{{< example >}}
<div class="mb-3">
  <label for="tooltipTextInput" class="form-label">Input with helper inside a Popover</label>

>   <button type="button" class="form-helper" data-bs-toggle="popover" data-bs-placement="top" data-bs-content="Help for input">

Reviewer: In terms of accessibility, there's no need to "link" this button that provides extra information to the associated label and/or input?

Author: FYI, a11y said that there's no need to add some aria selectors in here. Just the behavior of the tooltips/popovers need to be checked and changed here.
